# WilburSoot - 22

## Personal Information
**Name:** Wilbur

**Birth Date:** September 14, 6

**Age at Victory:** 16

**District:** [10](../../Worldbuilding/Districts/district10.md)

**Career:** No

**Volunteer:** No

**Mentor:** [CaptainPuffy](../floor1/CaptainPuffy.md)

**Token:** The trenchcoat that eventually becomes part of his brand, was gifted to him by Tommy years before his Reaping after Tommy saved up enough money

**Pre-Games:** Wilbur grew up as a homeless orphan that stole money and food on the streets throughout his childhood. He always had dreams of making it big in Panem through music or other artsy stuff. He found Tommy, another orphan, when he was 9 and Tommy was 2, and was soon forced out of theft out of fear that Tommy would get roped into the crime life. He started working in feeding small pens of livestock around 10-11 years of age (which is not a well-paying job but he is young tbf) and had to provide for 2 people, often went without food, felt bitter towards his District for not being there for him or Tommy.

## Introduction Week
**Reaping:** Nothing notable happened, Wilbur’s name is in The Bowl several times too many for Tesserae. Wilbur and Tommy part after an emotional goodbye and Tommy makes him promise not to forget.

**Relationship with Mentor:** Early on in their relationship, Wilbur idolises Puffy and admires her stardom as she is a shining example of someone from District 10 that made it big in the Capitol. He listens to her advice raptly and constantly tries to impress her. Puffy does not think much of Wilbur as he is a lanky malnourished kid who never learned to fight or handle butchering tools.

**Costuming:** Soft boy, yellow sweater with the funny coat draped loosely over himself, mischievous and charismatic. He talks about playing music once and then never again. He befriends and allies up with other tributes easily as he makes up for with charisma and morale what he lacks in physical skill. 

**Training Score/Total Tributes:** 4/12; Wilbur used to be a thief and knows how to be quick on his feet. He knows basic survival skills, can carry weights well, and is especially good with rationing resources. However, he doesn’t have much experience with using weapons or tools.

**Public Reception:** Wilbur is yet another nondescript tribute. His branding is generic and his training leaves much to be desired, but he has a decent amount of supporters based on his charisma, humour, and lighthearted nature. He excels at interviews and sells himself well, but the audience knows he doesn’t have the physique to back himself up. He doesn’t stand out as either an underdog or a strong tribute. This frustrates him.

## The Arena
Wilbur allies himself up with the Careers and helps them gather food and ration it out, but knows he is on a time limit before they deem him too useless to keep around. The night of the Feast, he knows his time is up, and he receives a stick of dynamite and a match as a sponsor gift. During the Feast, his supply bag is nothing but More Dynamite and he monologues hysterically to garner attention before he blows up everyone else with the bombs he’s been given and the bombs under the plates. He laughs as he is carried up from the Arena.

## Victory Tour
**Recovery:** Wilbur takes 3 days to recover. The explosion took place further away from him and the blast only threw him back & gave him minor wounds. It would’ve taken much shorter to heal him completely but the doctors were wary of his mental state and needed to screen him as he went through constant hysterical breakdowns and his entire demeanour changed drastically.

**Relationship with Mentor:** Puffy is the first person that Wilbur sees upon waking up during recovery, and she expresses discomfort over his actions. Still high on (adrenaline? (Fuck it put him on the funny painkillers) Idk hes just kinda delirious and angry and sad and happy), he acts erratic and is Quirky /neg around her. He mellows out slowly and their relationship turns into an ‘are you proud of me’-pity one where Puffy isn’t quite sure what to do with him. Post victory tour, he becomes disillusioned to her ‘remember where you came from’ and is more hostile towards her.

**Costuming:** his funny trench coat is modded every time they need it for another event because he refuses to get rid of it, it’s already part of his brand so they do the next best thing which is to mod it (also ship of Theseus analogy idk). His public unkemptness is meticulously done by his stylist, in reality wilbur is very conscious about his image and looks
- Casual outfit - bloodied and torn trench coat modded to ‘normal length’, dirty shirt underneath, dark eyebags, matted hair.
- Formal outfit - ragged coat modded to be longer and flowier & draped over him, poet shirt, hair more uh Proper but mussed down over his eyes so u cant see him Look at u even tho hes clean and good yknow its still that scary fear of the unknown factor
- Semi-formal outfit - coat modded to be shorter & more practical, button down & funny tie, eyebags but Proper hair, think business casual on a guy who probably didnt sleep for 7 days has a small smile on his face and is ready to knife down his opponents for 1 corn chip

**Public Reception:** wilbur is the first victor to win with an all-out explosive way, in that other victors mightve won by taking advantage of their surroundings to take out several people at once, but wilbur Actively Did It and also was extremely dramatic. The ‘insane’ persona helps elevate this dramaticness. He’s pretty popular w the audience in a  ‘wow i enjoy this guy as a villain’ a la how people enjoy c!dream. Once more ‘innocent’ victors start winning, there are DEFINITELY gonna be some vtrebur deniers, and there are also def gonna b people who are parasocially ‘guys hes not evil heres why i inspected his every move its ok’. All in all, dramatic guy, he’s definitely made a unique place for himself and he is Very Happy With This.

## The Tower
**Relationship with District:** wilbur is very spiteful towards his district. He resents them for never having been there for him or tommy growing up, and shit-talks them post victory pre victory tour. In retaliation, they burn his things in front of him when he visits d10 as part of his tour, and he disowns them to their faces on the stage dramatically. After this, they burn puffy and ponk’s things when they visit and start burning their tributes’ things in subsequent years. Wilbur basically fucks up d10 tribute/victor-district relationships for the foreseeable future hes so stupid

**Relationship with Floormates:** wilbur is actively hostile towards his floormates at first, he insults and snides them and is generally cold and demeaning out of mistrust. In the 5 year gap between his and tommy’s victories, he warms up and opens up to them (while still lying to himself that he Doesnt Care he Doesnt Lol caring is for losers) before shutting himself out again post-tommy bc he cant handle the thought that they saw him Break a little. Eventually, they coax him out of his shell and he opens up for good. Good for him. Good for him.
- [Bad](BadBoyHalo.md): for his first year in the tower, wilbur is very apprehensive of bad. He’s desperate to grasp some semblance of control over his life and badboyhalo clearly being older and more powerful than him throws a wrench into that. He’s quick to reject bad’s kindness and his content doesn’t mesh well with bad’s, so they don’t interact much. Pre-tommy, wilbur slowly accepts bad’s kindness and returns it by assuming a proper position of power over the rest of the floor when bad is Out Of It. he learns to respect bad as a figurehead and floormate and recognises him as someone hardworking and patient. Post-tommy, wilbur stops reciprocating bad’s kindness and somewhat ‘uses’ him for his status, power, and kindness in an attempt to get bad to understand that he is someone to be avoided. Bad respects his distance but reaches back when wilbur finally reaches out, and they become proper friends in the end when wilbur stops valuing the floor’s power dynamic in favour of trust.
- [Skeppy](Skeppy.md): wilbur uses skeppy’s unpredictability to predict him. Somehow. He relies on the constant that is skeppy’s wild-cardness, and for the first year in the tower, he matches skeppy’s energy but Meaner and with something that looks a little more Genuine, just enough to unnerve skeppy and make him wonder whether this fucker is actually fr. his existence in the floor kickstarts the skephalo friendship since the both of them have no clue what his deal is. Pre-tommy, wilbur isn’t really Friends with skeppy, but he acts genial around the guy and would be up to make fast-paced content with him. Post-tommy, wilbur turns cold towards skeppy and shuts down his attempts at jokes etc. Skeppy avoids him during this time and is more hesitant about wilbur’s redemption bc he’s pretty close to tommy and knows about the crimeboys’ relationship. They end up friends also and im crying
- [Fundy](ItsFundy.md): wilbur latches onto fundy as an older brother figure in the public eye. He calls him ‘my little champion’ in fundy’s welcome. The audience loves this, and there is pressure on them to make content together often. As a hider, fundy is hesitant about this, but wilbur pushes for it because he probably needs human connection and fundy reminds him of tommy idk idk. Eventually, fundy and wilbur grow close and into something neither would dare to describe as friends but are actually friends, and wilbur tries to be someone fundy can rely on as a vaguely guide-figure person. He will actually wither and die without a younger brother its in his nature. Post-tommy, wilbur becomes the hider in their relationship and avoids fundy at all costs because of how close they were, how fundy knows him the best in the floor (besides tommy). Fundy is unnerved by the sudden change in personality, but is the first to break through and ask wilbur to make content together again and breach his walls. And through reconnecting to fundy, wilbur also reconnects with his other floormates and eventually opens up enough to form solid and genuine relationships with them.
- [George](GeorgeNotFound.md): george and wilbur are civil towards each other. Wilbur recognises him as someone who trusts people as little as he does and they’re the kind of people who bond knowing that there is no commitment in their acquaintance-ship. He says something along the lines of ‘i know youve got more than just a pretty face’ in george’s welcome or something. They make content together and are generally a good pair in terms of online dynamics, and george is actually able to make wilbur genuinely laugh which is a Feat. wilbur’s excuse is that the audience likes george and so he will weedle a bit of that george clout for himself. Post-tommy, their relationship doesn’t change but wilbur withdraws a lot and george doesn’t mind this much. Marble incident, george puts himself through the mortifying ordeal of being known and wilbur’s welcome comment is finally fulfilled. He respects george. He knows what george can be like he knows what george can do. He thinks he’s seen all of george now bc hes finally seen george’s worst moments, bc hes finally seen george’s weakest moments, and he respects the fact that george still has the guts to show his face to his friends in the morning after. George is strong and wilbur likes strength. He grows a little more comfortable around george after this but it takes him opening up for good for george to feel comfortable around him.
- [Dream](DreamWasTaken.md): wilbur knows dream is strong and dangerous. wilbur tells him ‘you wont be needing your weapons where you’re going’ in his welcome. Dream, however, isnt very emotionally strong, and wilbur hones in on this; dream relies on his physical strength and skills to assert his place in the tower, but he BENDS like a sheet of paper the moment he’s tested and his insecurities are brought to light. Unfortunately for wilbur, he’s at a point in his life where he’s learning to stop being hostile to everyone he meets ever, and dream is young and wilbur Will Not Bully A Child, thank you very much. He is wary and he knows how to shut dream tf down, but he tries to get along, and dream without his condescension and superiority complex is actually pretty easy to get along with. They make content together and hang out on each others streams but wilbur is DUMB and BAD AT MINECRAFT etc etc but besides that, their online dynamic is pretty solid, they bond over their intimidating-villain-badguy personas. Wilbur’s excuse is that he’s only befriending dream for his dangerous-ness. Post-tommy, he is Hostile towards dream and feels a little a lot of jealousy over the fact that tommy seems to get along with dream too, and bc hes dumb and hates himself he’s pushing dreams buttons and trying to poke at his insecurities just to see whether dream would Snap. wilbur finds it especially hard during his Redemption Arc to reconnect to dream bc suddenly he’s feeling the Actual Physical Danger of having ‘’betrayed’’ the guy. But no theyre friends in the end and im emotional.
- [Sapnap](Sapnap.md): on the surface, wilbur is amused by sapnap’s antics but kinda goes along with it (albeit with a lot of bitching and moaning). Deep down he thinks sapnap is stupid for trying to get along with everyone and be friends and that d7s are just dumb. Even deeper down he appreciates sapnap’s lighthearted presence and is intrigued his willingness to put himself out there and make friends and etc etc. he tells sapnap ‘you’ll find more things to destroy in the tower’ in his welcome. they don’t make content together often but when they do come across each other online, their brash rude troublemaker personas make for a ‘fuck you’ ‘fuck you more’ ‘fuck you even more’ dynamic. Post-tommy, wilbur does this thing where he belittles sapnap in an attempt to get the Friend Shaped Guy to hate him and by associated get everyone else to hate him. Where before he’s all ‘huh this guy really likes to make friends’ its now ‘how the fuck does this guy get the energy to make friends’ and then finally it becomes ‘wow this guy makes friends thats really brave of him /pos’, bc at the end of the day wilbur starts to admire sapnap having the Guts to reach out first and try to Make Friends. They r eventually friends. dies
- [Tommy](TommyInnit.md): no.
- [Tubbo](Tubbo_.md): tubbo wins post-tommy and wilbur doesn’t think much of him UNTIL he befriends tommy and wilbur starts getting jealous of their friendship. Wilbur personally finds tubbo a bit unnerving because of how hard it is to gauge him. He says “you remind me of myself” in tubbo’s welcome. He also definitely thinks of tubbo as a yes-man, and because tubbo wins post-tommy, tubbo has never seen more than wilbur’s cold, dismissive, hostile front and wilbur very much likes it better this way. Although he’s jealous of tubbo, he recognises that tubbo has literally done nothing and it’s just the way the cookie crumbles, but that doesn’t stop him from STILL being a cunt to him if that makes sense. Post marble-incident, wilbur avoids and ignores tubbo outside of professional stuff because he just . Doesnt want to care anymore . hes tired of having to feel stuff and shuts out clingyduo from his mind. They make content together strictly out of necessity and pressure from fans. Tubbo probably has to deal with a lot of “he wasnt always like this” from the f2 crew, and definitely notes wilbur’s drastic change in personality around his funny little redemption arc. as wilbur opens up to tommy in the end, he properly welcomes tubbo into his life and idk they get along in that “tubbo reminds me of myself” but /genpos if u get me.
- [Quackity](Quackity.md): havok imma need u with this one

**Interfloor Relationships: **
- sbi ? sbi real ? Sbi real and true ? s
- [Technoblade](../floor1/Technoblade.md)
- [Philza](../floor0/Philza.md)

**Personal Development:** deep sigh. BAD AND DUMB

## As of Year 28
**Mentee:** [TommyInnit](TommyInnit.md)

**Costuming:** as of y28, wilbur’s costuming hasn’t changed much, he still has the trenchcoat and still shows up in casual events mussed and “”dirty””. his online personality, however, has shifted from the explosive snappy insane hysterical persona into more of a cold calculating sinister manipulative persona, and this shift in persona is most evident after Tommy wins. also bc after a while u just get burnt out having to be Loud and Dramatic all the time. hes still dramatic ofc its in his nature but its quieter now. Moving forward, as Wilbur redeems himself and reconnects with his floormates, his style in content changes, and with that, his costuming and persona does too. 
- Costuming in the future: think c!wilbur post redemption in the most canon way possible. mans is the only character to canonically take showers lmao. yellow sweater, funny trenchcoat that the stylist no longer dirts up and is probably a richer darker brown colour, his tired makeup has shifted from “i havent slept in 5 days i Will kill someone here” to “hiiii guysss i have school at 7 tomorrow but lets play amongus at 3 am” if that makes sense. sometimes he carries a guitar around esp in casual events. also give him proper glasses holy shit. im actually considering the white streak too i think itd be fun
- Persona in the future: at some point in the future maybe circa yr 29? Pre redemption but after a considerable amount of time spent being alone and miserable, wilbur’s on persona just… mellows out. Wilburs run out of anger a long time ago and he no longer has the energy to keep up being mean and it Shows on screen. his new persona is . Think phantombur . Mischievous and stupid and Opportunistic and a little evil but just a little bit. he talks about his Likes sometimes he talks about movies about writing and he talks about movies and as he picks up the guitar again, he writes songs and releases them and now hes just kinda . yeah think phantombur

**Public Perception:** wilbur’s viewership has fallen off a lot considering the fact that the dteam and then clingyduo win after he does. He knows how to entertain people and make a good story, and he holds his own in bits and jokes, so he still retains a considerable following. When his persona mellows out, this number decreases further until it stabilises around 30? 40? thousand a stream. idk how many ppl there are this is just a spitball. The Capitol are wary of this — his views decrease Because his persona mellows and not the other way around — until he starts making music and Yeah Okay Let That Guy Do What He Wants I Guess. 

**Current Arc/Issue:** issues? He has a lot of those ngl

## Other
Is DUMB and STUPID and SCRUNKLY and a BITCH

Khio is not projecting her hopes for c!wilbur’s redemption arc in the dream es em pee at all

I miss him so fucking much……….
